---
layout: post
title: Hello World!
date: 2025-04-27 09:21:12
description: description
---

## Introduction

Welcome to my blog! It might empty for now until I add a few more posts in the future. Anyways, this is my **first ever** attempt at writing to an audience that I don't know. 

I am writing these blogs as a way to communicate my experiences with the outside world. Blogging gives me an open area to share my thoughts and successes on the internet with you (currently reading this) and perhaps someone across the world. In addition, the opportunity to blog could improve my writing abilities and how I deliver information.

However, I am still really new to the idea of blogging. After all, this is my first time diving into this experience. Even setting up the blog itself on Github Pages was somewhat a pain. But, I lived through 🙂. On that [sine/cosine]*, I am using al-folio as the Jekyll theme since it has many features that I can use, such as this blog page and the projects page.

\* get it? sine/cosine = tangent

## What to expect?

If you have seen my about page, you probably know that I am enthusiastic for **computer science**, **chemistry**, and some mathematics and cybersecurity. I also have other hobbies outside of these zones such as cross country and track. I plan to dedicate this blog to sharing my thoughts on these various topics.

I expect myself to post around once a month. That frequency would obviously vary depending on how much coursework I have and the time that I have avaliable. However, a dedication is a dedication. I hope to make my blog posts interesting for you guys to read.

---

Well, thanks for reading my first ever blog posts and I hope you have a nice day :D
